already in São Paulo with a 3-1 victory over the baraunas
and the vice-championship of the sea that also has party thrashed against the barretos and
a happy life cheer
in the last game of the championship the rights of third parties
more incentive to celebrate marketing success
london afp - the guild
we have difficulty getting into the police team arrests eight June himself alone
joys
discouraged for not having risen this year the expert suffered a bombardment in the
first minutes
the center-forward he was opportunistic and asked about opening the
scoreboard
three minutes later it is indicated that he appears to visit Alencar
the most beautiful of the game also left the feet of Ricardo
with a shot from far
we have here the German goes to the area
and does his
in the first half accumulated the next year in the second stage only for
manage the result
in the last row triple right rhythm
with that victory the pomegranate reached the 12 points in the quadrangular
finally received the cup of runner-up in the fourth division
it was hard for us
but then wasted fans muricy
now just celebrate celebrating the conquest of these same programs and
services of nature a beautiful victory
in spite of everything to win his side the technical committee and board is thought
our wonderful crowd and everything to win
nice party and board